Migrate to Compose V2 (#8788)
DefectDojo/django-DefectDojo: README.md

Log in with `admin / 1Defectdojo@demo#appsec`. Please note that the demo is publicly accessible and regularly reset. Do not put sensitive data in the demo.

## Quick Start for Compose V2

> For Docker Compose V1 [From July 2023 Compose V1 stopped receiving updates. Reference: https://docs.docker.com/compose/reference/]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From July 2023 Compose V1 [stopped receiving updates](https://docs.docker.com/compose/reference/).
```

> Compose V2 integrates compose functions into the Docker platform, continuing to support most of the previous docker-compose features and flags. You can run Compose V2 by replacing the hyphen (-) with a space, using docker compose, instead of docker-compose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compose V2 integrates compose functions into the Docker platform, continuing to support most of the previous docker-compose features and flags. You can run Compose V2 by replacing the hyphen (-) with a space, using `docker compose`, instead of `docker-compose`.
```

./dc-up.sh postgres-redis
# obtain admin credentials. the initializer can take up to 3 minutes to run
# use docker-compose logs -f initializer to track progress
docker compose logs initializer | grep "Admin password:"
```

> ## For older verion Compose V1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## For older version Compose V1
```

Author: Opps! The typo!! 

@rndmh3ro Thanks for your peer review. :D

> ## For older verion Composer V1

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## For older verion Compose V1
```

Author: Hi @Maffooch,

I have made the suggested change to the code to ensure that everything is in order. I kindly request that you please take some time to re-review the pull request at your earliest convenience.

Reviewer 3: omg how did I miss the `verion` one 🤦🏼 

Good catch @rndmh3ro

> ## For older version Compose V1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## For Docker Compose V1
```

> You can run Compose V1 by adding the hyphen (-) between docker compose and edit below the files. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run Compose V1 by editing the below files to add the hyphen (-) between `docker compose`. 
```
